# v4.0.0 (Major Release)

**Status**: In progress

This is a new major release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It has the potential to introduce breaking changes that may require a large amount of refactoring. Please read the below description of changes and migration notes for more information.

## Description of Changes

- Removes deprecated features from the package.
- Not necessarily part of this release explicitly (it came in v3.9.0), but given that that doesn't have any release notes as they were introduced after that release, I'll mention again that we now have JSDoc comments!
- We will also officially have a MIT License for the package.

## Migration Notes

For `stringToBoolean`:
- Please use `parseBoolean` from this package instead.

For `removeIndents`:
- Please use `normaliseIndents` or `normalizeIndents` from this package instead.

For `parseEmail`:
- You can get the Zod schema associated with this function using `z.email().brand<"Email">()`, and infer the type and get the parser separately.
- Given how trivial it is to recreate this, I figured it is no longer worth keeping and maintaining as it adds no real extra benefit to what Zod already does.

For `parseUUID`:
- Same as above, but use `z.uuid().brand<"UUID">()`.
- Alternatively, the crypto package from Node already comes with a UUID type that is more accurate to what an actual UUID should be like.

For `DeepReadonly`:
- This type is deprecated because it did not work with `deepFreeze` as intended. Please do not use this type at all.
- You can still use deepFreeze to deeply freeze objects at runtime, but the type will be `Readonly<ObjectType>`.

For `parseEnv` (TODO for now):
- If you're catching the error and expecting it to be a `ZodError`, note that it will be a `DataError` from this point on.
