# v4.3.1 (Patch Release)

**Status**: Released

This is a new patch release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It fixes issues with the package in a way that should require no refactoring. Please read below the description of changes.

## Description of Changes

- Ooh, something else in the docs folder now? What might that be?
- Yep, that's the new `features` folder, everyone! We are now officially documenting the features of this package in actual documentation!
- Not much has changed regarding the use case of any of these functions, but I have now added a `@category` tag to the JSDoc comments as that helps the navigation bar in the JSDoc comments to read a little better as it will group together related categories.
- You can find the markdown documents in `docs/features/markdown` for quick and easy access to the docs in this repository. The `docs/features/html` folder is for the eventual hosted documentation site, but hosting strategies for that is still a work-in-progress.

## Additional Notes

- This is a massive step for this package! Documentation has been something we have been slacking on for such a long time, and now it has finally caught up!
- I know, I said that it's a massive step but only marked it as a patch release. That's because at the feature level, the only thing that's actually changed is that `@category` tag. That doesn't require a change to anyone else's source code, so it is a patch. The big changes here are happening at the tooling/infrastructure level.
- Of course, please never manually edit any of the files in `docs/features`, ever! These are automatically generated files so your manual changes will not persist if someone were to run the command again, so you would be wasting your time trying to edit them manually. Instead, edit the JSDoc comments to affect what gets generated into those folders. (or, if you're feeling adventurous, edit the TypeDoc config in `@alextheman/eslint-plugin` if you wanna change the theme or something like that! I welcome it.)
- Once you have edited the JSDoc comments, run `pnpm run create-feature-docs` to generate the `docs/features` directory.
- Eventually, I will add a workflow to my GitHub Actions repository that automatically generates the documentation on push to main and puts up a pull request to do so. This will ensure that documentation never falls out-of-sync with the repository state, which was WAY too easy with the old package-docs site which was it's own repository and also a React app. With this approach, however, we'll be able to control every part of the repository to ensure that the docs, tests, and source code all evolve together.
- Wow, this was a long release note for what I ended up marking as a patch release lol...
