[**@alextheman/utility v4.3.1**](../README.md)

***

[@alextheman/utility](../globals.md) / APIError

# Class: APIError

Defined in: [src/types/APIError.ts:19](https://github.com/AlexMan123456/utility/blob/441c598afb775373389b58c3b3535b36cada9467/src/types/APIError.ts#L19)

Represents common errors you may get from a HTTP API request.

## Extends

- `Error`

## Constructors

### Constructor

> **new APIError**(`status`, `message?`, `options?`): `APIError`

Defined in: [src/types/APIError.ts:27](https://github.com/AlexMan123456/utility/blob/441c598afb775373389b58c3b3535b36cada9467/src/types/APIError.ts#L27)

#### Parameters

##### status

`number` = `500`

A HTTP status code. Can be any number, but numbers between 400 and 600 are encouraged to fit with HTTP status code conventions.

##### message?

`string`

An error message to display alongside the status code.

##### options?

`ErrorOptions`

Extra options to be passed to super Error constructor.

#### Returns

`APIError`

#### Overrides

`Error.constructor`

## Properties

### stackTraceLimit

> `static` **stackTraceLimit**: `number`

Defined in: node\_modules/.pnpm/@types+node@25.0.3/node\_modules/@types/node/globals.d.ts:67

The `Error.stackTraceLimit` property specifies the number of stack frames
collected by a stack trace (whether generated by `new Error().stack` or
`Error.captureStackTrace(obj)`).

The default value is `10` but may be set to any valid JavaScript number. Changes
will affect any stack trace captured _after_ the value has been changed.

If set to a non-number value, or set to a negative number, stack traces will
not capture any frames.

#### Inherited from

`Error.stackTraceLimit`

## Methods

### captureStackTrace()

> `static` **captureStackTrace**(`targetObject`, `constructorOpt?`): `void`

Defined in: node\_modules/.pnpm/@types+node@25.0.3/node\_modules/@types/node/globals.d.ts:51

Creates a `.stack` property on `targetObject`, which when accessed returns
a string representing the location in the code at which
`Error.captureStackTrace()` was called.

```js
const myObject = {};
Error.captureStackTrace(myObject);
myObject.stack;  // Similar to `new Error().stack`
```

The first line of the trace will be prefixed with
`${myObject.name}: ${myObject.message}`.

The optional `constructorOpt` argument accepts a function. If given, all frames
above `constructorOpt`, including `constructorOpt`, will be omitted from the
generated stack trace.

The `constructorOpt` argument is useful for hiding implementation
details of error generation from the user. For instance:

```js
function a() {
  b();
}

function b() {
  c();
}

function c() {
  // Create an error without stack trace to avoid calculating the stack trace twice.
  const { stackTraceLimit } = Error;
  Error.stackTraceLimit = 0;
  const error = new Error();
  Error.stackTraceLimit = stackTraceLimit;

  // Capture the stack trace above function b
  Error.captureStackTrace(error, b); // Neither function c, nor b is included in the stack trace
  throw error;
}

a();
```

#### Parameters

##### targetObject

`object`

##### constructorOpt?

`Function`

#### Returns

`void`

#### Inherited from

`Error.captureStackTrace`

***

### check()

> `static` **check**(`input`): `input is APIError`

Defined in: [src/types/APIError.ts:50](https://github.com/AlexMan123456/utility/blob/441c598afb775373389b58c3b3535b36cada9467/src/types/APIError.ts#L50)

Checks whether the given input may have been caused by an APIError.

#### Parameters

##### input

`unknown`

The input to check.

#### Returns

`input is APIError`

`true` if the input is an APIError, and `false` otherwise. The type of the input will also be narrowed down to APIError if `true`.

***

### prepareStackTrace()

> `static` **prepareStackTrace**(`err`, `stackTraces`): `any`

Defined in: node\_modules/.pnpm/@types+node@25.0.3/node\_modules/@types/node/globals.d.ts:55

#### Parameters

##### err

`Error`

##### stackTraces

`CallSite`[]

#### Returns

`any`

#### See

https://v8.dev/docs/stack-trace-api#customizing-stack-traces

#### Inherited from

`Error.prepareStackTrace`
