# v4.12.0 (Minor Release)

**Status**: In progress

<!-- alex-c-line-start-release-summary -->
This is a new minor release of the `@alextheman/utility` package. It introduces new features in a backwards-compatible way and should require very little refactoring, if any. Please read the description of changes below.
<!-- alex-c-line-end-release-summary -->

## Description of Changes

- Add a `FILE_PATH_REGEX` constant.
    - This will be useful in `alex-c-line` to allow us to validate file paths coming from the terminal.

## Additional Notes

- Oh my God, file path conventions are so stupid!
- Like, whose idea was it to make the directory separator on Windows be `\`?!
- That just feels wrong to me because `\` to me usually represents the start of an escape sequence. Using it as the separator when URLs use `/`, most other operating systems use `/`, Posix says that `/` is the standard, like... why?!
- Oh yeah, spaces in filenames is ridiculous as well! How can you tell me that `src/functions/My Function.ts` looks normal to you? It doesn't. It really doesn't.
- Also, another fun fact, did you know that even NEW LINES are allowed in file names?!?!
- Who let all of these dumb conventions be here and conflict with each other so aggressively?!
- But I think I'll stop here for now, let's not bring GitHub Actions into the mix. We already know about ITS filesystem sins (if you don't, read release note `v4.0.3` in my GitHub Actions repository in this organisation, and you'll probably come out of it a different person.)
